“There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.” — J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers

“Beware; for I am fearless, and therefore powerful.” — Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

“The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.” ― John Green, Looking for Alaska

“I took a deep breath and listened to the old brag of my heart: I am, I am, I am.” — Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar

“Love is or it ain’t. Thin love ain’t love at all.” — Toni Morrison, Beloved

“We accept the love we think we deserve.” ― Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower

“There are years that ask questions and years that answer.” — Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God

“I am not afraid of storms, for I am learning how to sail my ship.” — Louisa May Alcott, Little Women

“All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.” — Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina

“Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.” — Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“It is nothing to die; it is dreadful not to live.” — Victor Hugo, Les Misérables

“Don’t ever tell anybody anything. If you do, you start missing everybody.” — J. D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye

"It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.” ― J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone

“So it goes…” — Kurt Vonnegut, Slaughterhouse-Five

“There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm.” — Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark

“When you play the game of thrones you win or you die.” — George R. R. Martin, A Game of Thrones

“The world breaks everyone, and afterward, many are strong at the broken places.” — Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms

“Anyone who ever gave you confidence, you owe them a lot.” — Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany’s

“Isn’t it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?” — L. M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables

“You forget what you want to remember, and you remember what you want to forget.” — Cormac McCarthy, The Road

“Call me Ishmael.” — Herman Melville, Moby Dick

"It was a pleasure to burn.” — Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451

“The past is not dead. In fact, it’s not even past.” — William Faulkner, Requiem for a Nun

“’And now,’ cried Max, ‘let the wild rumpus start!’” — Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are

“Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.” — Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Grey

“Time is the longest distance between two places.” ― Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie

“We dream in our waking moments, and walk in our sleep.” — Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter

“So many things are possible just as long as you don’t know they’re impossible.” — Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth

“Each time you happen to me all over again.” — Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence

“Brave doesn’t mean you’re not scared. It means you go on even though you’re scared.” — Angie Thomas, The Hate U Give

“And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.” — Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist

“There is always something left to love.” ― Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude

“Stay gold, Ponyboy, stay gold.” ― S. E. Hinton, The Outsiders

“Time moves slowly, but passes quickly.” — Alice Walker, The Color Purple

“And may the odds be ever in your favor.” — Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games

“All human wisdom is summed up in these two words – ‘Wait and hope.’” — Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo

“Open your eyes and see what you can with them before they close forever.” — Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See

“If you have the guts to be yourself, other people’ll pay your price.” — John Updike, Rabbit, Run

“What does the brain matter compared with the heart?” — Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway

“There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.”― Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings

“Anything worth dying for is certainly worth living for.” — Joseph Heller, Catch-22

“All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.” — J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan

“Get busy living or get busy dying.” — Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption

“All we can know is that we know nothing. And that’s the height of human wisdom.” — Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace

“Life offers up these moments of joy despite everything.” ― Sally Rooney, Normal People

“The world may be mean, but people don’t have to be, not if they refuse.” ― Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad

“Life changes in the instant. The ordinary instant.” ― Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking

“I have a theory that selflessness and bravery aren’t all that different.” ― Veronica Roth, Divergent

“That’s the thing about books. They let you travel without moving your feet.” ― Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake

“I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.” ― Charles Dickens, Great Expectations

“Though sympathy alone can’t alter facts, it can help to make them more bearable.” ― Bram Stoker, Dracula
